that this detail has to do with
jav
Look I can't believe it
[Music]
family How are you today We're
going to record the video differently Are you
going to join me because I have to go out and
do a few things today You're going to
meet a friend of mine since I was little You're
going to meet a friend of mine from when I was little
named Segra, he's crazy you're going to
love him I think I've talked to you about Segra
in a lot of live shows I think I've
mentioned him a lot and today You're going to
put a face to him and you're going to love him the
truth is that you're going to fall in love with him and you're
going to send me to hell
but I want you to join me because he's
going to show us a new business okay a
new business that he's going to open It's a
dog daycare and since it's about
dogs today in this video Well I
said Hey look great this way
my people are going to accompany me We're going with you to
check out your new place and on the way I'm
answering this that I have to
answer Let's see family we're screwed
Well we are I am Of course they
want to report me  me, me who gets you into
all my problems But because I know that
you guys Are going to live with me, we're
screwed The Delox family has announced
legal action against Dallas and
me and the truth is, as you can understand, I'm
very worried, I'm
truly worried but we're
going to respond, we're going to respond to you
in this video Javi, I'm going to tell you one
thing Look, I'm going to tell you clearly, be
careful what you say because you might
comment on an illegality, you might
defame me because
I'm really too lazy to sue Dallas for defamation and
things like that
because who knows where he is, maybe
in a Hervan in France, I don't know where. But
Javi, I have him well located, this one does
n't move much so you might not
suddenly start saying
insults that are not convenient and
attribute crimes to me that have nothing to do with me,
friend, I haven't done anything that I haven't
done on any podcast, eh, bringing
someone as a guest, let me explain that here
people are coming, coming very high
very quickly, be careful because this doesn't
make me funny, okay, let's
have it, let's  keep it in mind and don't
have another lost lawsuit like
gun pas says in the chat that I already told you
that I
'll do this to myself, I did it like this, you know. Come on man, of course you think that Javier's data has been reported, I'll ask any of these law firms or any person who has reported him. Hello, I want to report this person and I think that in 30 seconds I have the data, you
know, so don't get on my
nerves because I do report you know me. I
have no problem reporting
people who commit crimes against
me, let's see. The thing is that delos
posted this tweet in which he announces
legal measures against me for I don't know what
story, in other words, for something that
Dallas said and I didn't say it but anyway, he
wants to report me and the thing is that
this tweet and and this he started
saying it just the day after I made
the last video, the last video where he
looked completely bad, we're completely
going to leave him on the floor with the
crp pain issue, you have it here in
case you haven't seen it, but anyway, with
this one it would be a trilogy, I recommend
that  look at the two videos that I made
previously to delox this would be the
third and right after that video
right after he publishes that tweet so his
way of responding to my video has been
that And then my way of responding to
his announcement of a complaint is this you are a
but that is my response according to him the
subject of the lawsuit or complaint that he wants to
file would be to give credibility to what
tallas said about nimu that
neither did Dallas say it but
kenso says it to Dallas the subject that
nimu would like to have relations
with dogs and point number one delon did not
even warn And he put this tweet that he
wants to sue me after my
reaction to that video he put it after
my video leaving him on the ground to which he
cannot respond and point number two I did not
even give him credibility As for the
dog if you see my reaction the first thing I did was
doubt Kenson's word
because it seems to me that Kenson is not a
person to be trusted the guy did not
want to say absolutely anything I really
dislike this guy how pathetic I find this guy
eh how pathetic what a clown I
find this guy eh I mean literally I don't know either
What credibility can
this guy have, huh? And another thing that I do
believe is that when Keno said that to
Dallas and Dallas published it in a video, I do
believe that Delox could have
contacted him and paid him so that
Kenzo would suddenly deny it. That doesn't
mean that I think that what Nimu
did or didn't do was true,
the truth is that I doubt it, but I do
believe that obviously, uh, like everything
Delos does, he would contact him and
offer him PCT, he would threaten him with
complaints or whatever immediately
after seeing Dallas' video because he would get
nervous, they would get really
bad with this information and
apart from everything point number one, there is a
clip where Delox himself says that I saw
Dallas' video immediately when he
uploaded it, I tell you openly, the
only communication we have had with
Kenzo was a message that Nimu sent him.
As soon as the video was published on
WhatsApp, what he said was, look dude,
this is very easy, you lied, I don't know what the
hell is going on, I don't know, I don't know what's wrong with you,
but or or or I mean, I'm denying this now
and you tell the truth or we will take
legal action against you obviously
because you are defaming I mean that
person who is defaming also along
with Dallas there are no screenshots of Kenzo
telling Dallas the one who pays the most is the one
who wins and that's it number three delo and the
most shameless I mean you have a war
with Keno it is supposed that you are getting along to
kill each other because she is the ex-partner of your new
partner and when Keno makes that
ridiculous thread in which he lied saying that
he had scammed money from Dallas by
putting a screenshot that didn't even
belong to him from a wallet you Delox
retweets it Ase and it's not just that you
retweet it is that magically like every single
thing you post about Dallas on your Twitter
or every single thing that is related to you
the tweet had like 5 or 6 million
views and watch this 40,000 likes the
[ __ ] Keno tweet saying that nonsense
Poolz had 40,000 likes Like every time
Delox posts a tweet about Dallas
cut yourself a little bit buddy because they already
surpassed Donald's interactions  Trump and
if you keep on attacking the Bots
you're going to surpass Elon Mask But well, go on,
eh What do you want me to tell you if you want to
file a lawsuit, file it, I would personally
say that you're not going to sue anyone and I'm
going to prove it to you in this video
first of all Because you're such a trickster,
liar, cheater and a lot of
other things that look at what I'm not saying
but look at what the
people who have worked
with you are saying after the debate that apart from
delox put in the comments of del he
changed the title of crypt spine humiliates
an alleged advisor or so Well
in fact with telox abas which is the
office with work It's that we don't
work with him, I mean he's not he's
banned no And look, we
represent the vast majority of
content creators, infoproducers, that
is, all the people So you see, in
Andorra we practically represent him
not with Mark But well, he's a
guy who is banned and as a result of this we don't work with him no well I've never worked with him you're banned from all the offices in Andorra according to this colleague who was working with you And in  second place buddy take a
look at all the
criminal charges that you did with Temerario I despise
the truth it's a pain in the ass that you put that
in your tweet when you don't even know
what it means But you did it
with Temerario you depress the truth you
charged me with crimes I already know why Javi does
what he does I don't know how this guy
Sleeps peacefully I genuinely
knowing that he lies weakness m with
tremendous contempt for the truth every time he
opens locio the dog daras Javi
oliveira starts to lie
freely and he peels it off says Javi
claimed that the majority won with
pambi and that he won without having a clue
man no Of course eh what is he going to tell you
when he just stole money from
his own followers as Javi would say
2 + two is two it's not like they
're attributing crimes to you not like
people like daras do for example those you
fervently defend no daras it
seems you're very sir you know if you have a
contract what the hell do you have there but then it
seems like you're on a leash  he's
scratching you because it itches Well it must be for a
reason really the guy when the currency
isn't from Dallas he loses money he doesn't have a
[ __ ] clue and shits himself
curiously with pambi [ __ ] crazy the
master Trader eh I Honestly I
firmly believe as a crypto expert that I
am that these results can only be achieved
in Javi's case he has
managed to sell and buy at the
perfect points not buy right here
sell at all the peaks What a coincidence Hey go go
sell the movie to someone else
that you are the meat Trader 3000 if that's the case it
could be considered inside trading
this is true and would constitute a crime
Javier Oliveira that guy the
truth should have his contract taken away
and fired he lost up to up Let's
go even the one who was winning lost they
lost Everyone Except who except
Tito Daras and also the great mega
Trader 3000 Javier Oliveira the dog
Daras who also made money Look
what a surprise no, in everything else he
loses But there there he did know
when to sell curiously no point is
that they caught you red-handed
and that looked terrible  dasas was fatal
Javi Because in the end it is clearly seen
that there is a very high probability that
privileged information has been used
to be able to sell so well and earn so much
money and not only have you charged me with a
crime but you are also spending the live
insults to Javi the Dallas dog
Javi you are a dog That is my answer
Javi you are the Dallas dog stop
barking on Twitter caral mendra car
alendra eat I think take advantage if you
continue licking Dallas's balls you
possibly have a contract with
Dallas or you have your economic agreements
pu it makes no sense that what you come to
lie what you come to distort
reality to continue sucking
Dallas's balls is like calling you a dog
because you act like one is that Javi
Oliveira the Dallas dog who comes
to defend anything that this
[ __ ] is saying and the [ __ ] Javi
comes out And says Ah you are going to eat my
balls Javi that Javi sues me for the
right to honor he is going to eat my
balls that is what he is going to do
complaints to the honor that you are going to eat my
balls that is  what you're going to eat
We've all seen that Javi Oliveira is
Dallas's dog Javi Oliveira
looks like an employee of Dallas, I mean, it
seems like he's on the payroll. In fact, I wouldn't be
surprised if he had some kind of
contract, some kind of agreement. Why do you
think Javi Oliveira can't speak
effectively? Javier Oliveira was
Dallas's dog, the insistence of Dallas
and his henchman Javi Oliveira and Javi
the canine, who I find very funny, the
name Javi the canine is a play on
words that comes from Javi the wimp who
cut it off from the pet, I mean from
Dallas's friend. Javi cries, cries
a lot, deo suggests that they can bring
more things to the debate, dogs and such.
Man, let's see. Javi can go, I mean, don't
worry, if you say so, because I know that
lately he's been very, very upset.
Javi heart and here, well, also a
bowl of water. No, in the end. Well, if he comes
accompanied by his, his faithful, his faithful
companion. No, that Eh, he doesn't go hungry,
someone who knows how to do it well is going to be brought.
Just like adas have been proposed that he
can bring  to Javi Oliveira No since it's
his dog Well what the [ __ ] Well at least
you can give him a hand No well or a
paw never Better said eat my
balls xurra he ate some balls
dude so delox no matter how much you try to get
me to delete the videos that you've
eaten if you want my answer you are a
dog That's my answer my answer
of the is that you are a dog you do
behave like a dog but yes I'm
going to give you a point in your favor you don't have a
leash no And you know why you don't have a
leash No because you don't have a collar they can't
hook it on you I mean you're a dog
trying to get you adopted Willy Ricky
Win michu you don't even know
whose dog you are delo You're a dog but you
don't have an owner try to get
anyone to adopt you you don't even know who to
suck his penis you're a stray dog
crawling to be
picked up you're so sick with
Dallas that the other day you took a
sopl pooll from the boe of Andorra I don't know if it's
called boe or bope in which  you
discovered go to know what the [ __ ] you
were looking for and how [ __ ] That
Dallas was seized for a fine that he
owed delox where were you when I posted
this tweet about a fine that
Willy Rex was sentenced to because he didn't pay it a
fine that he didn't pay a
bill of 35 euros where were you since you
are so aware of the
bope of andorra and and so aware of
debts and taxes blow dick to
you what happened or didn't happen in pambi if it
was or wasn't a scam in case it
had been that it wasn't you didn't
give a [ __ ] [ __ ] You started to
speak against pambi as you have already
shown you in the previous videos to
seek the approval of the new group that
you join you do not care
that anyone is scammed it has never
mattered to you you do not care that someone
owes or does not owe the nmv explanations
when you have made a series of videos with
crist Spain applauding that
money had to be hidden from the Treasury that
companies had to be in Estonia even
collaborating with him eh having his  own
section on your website and on your own
channel dude I mean you don't give a damn about
anything they might have done in
pambi at such a level, such a shameless level
that now you're talking to ret who is the
main partner of pambi 1 the other day
ret was showing some conversations about
Dallas that ret was the poor thing was very
inhibited because Dallas had made a
very strong comment to him it slipped to raed the
next thing you'll be seeing on
screen is that point number one he has
been talking privately with delox on
discord and point number two then he
met with delox and a colleague if you
are so hyper mega aware and
doing super activism against pambi
that you are even putting up money according to you
for the class action lawsuit you don't
talk to RAE puppy you don't give a
damn that people lose money you are
dedicated to that and here comes the
pathetic circus that they put on the other day
that seemed to me one of the most
regrettable things we have seen in the Lore
of these people suddenly right after I
caught these people talking
privately the next day delox puts
the next tweet pay attention because it's
priceless Dallas has tried to
assassinate us, me and a friend, two
people who recently lived with
Daniel in the A of France were
witnesses of how Dallas and Fernando
Urdaneta initiated proceedings to
assassinate me Dallas and Fernando Urdaneta
contacted Venezuelan hitmen,
direct contacts of Fernando, to have
me and another
content creator who is exposing
the crimes of dlas eliminated the testimony of
all the witnesses who have communicated
the specific news to me that Dallas
shared My exact personal address,
entry method, and technical information
about the cameras and general security
of the building sounds credible, right? Here
the hitman Dallas, I have spoken with him
privately It's a bad plan, he insults you,
threatens you, extorts you, tells you that he's going to
send hitmen to your house, Javi
Oliveira, well, it's more of the same, he's a
hitman from Dallas, I mean, let's
see if I understand, he just
said that he sends the hitman The
Hitman
[Music] let's
see, as absurd as this nonsense may seem to you, this is a
historic joint  the moment that delo
put the tweet immediately all the
channels and these twitterers who are in
favor of delo now and supporting him in his
cause began to share this as if it
were a real tragedy and not only
all the colleagues sharing this and
giving it veracity but taking advantage of the fact
that the pisuerga passes through vallad l people
like Ricky edit or miare began to
join the cause seeing messages that
they also feared for their lives When
Dalas does not even meet them I would really like to
say that I like my life very much and
that I appreciate my life and I have
no intention and no desire for it to
end in a surprising way and in
strange circumstances
am and having said that
and I do not know basically I hope that any
person who may be getting
involved in the spiral of madness
that this man is having on the internet
protects themselves from experience I say it
truly simply that everyone
protect themselves as much as they can I see that
out there there is someone who is
missing who feared for their life who
loved their life and that if at some point
something happened to them they already knew who to
report this to you have  that take to the
authorities no delox is that this I don't know
what it's not that I don't know how many eh I
make it public not because I want attention I don't give a
damn on social networks I
am with friends I am rich I don't give a
damn I make this public because I fear
for my life and because I know that if it is
public and tomorrow I look like a well I
look like I have had an accident at least they will know
who to investigate they will know who could
be behind this I love my life I
want to live I am super happy no I do not do
drugs I am not going to I am not going to
overdose okay if I look like I
jumped from the ninth floor I have not jumped
Okay then I fear for my life and I
make it public so that people know It
seems to me it seems genuinely
shameful to find myself in this situation
but what the hell do I do you know everything that is
legally possible for me that is what
I am going to do But obviously I have to
make it public because I fear for my
life man point number one the last thing that would
occur to me in the case of feeling
threatened or truly believing that they are
hiring picari to finish  with me it
would be to announce it in a tweet with emojis
and bold point number two I think I think eh
delox I think you're a [ __ ] cute girl
and that before finishing you off if it's
true that Dallas is so crazy I think there would
be people in his life who have
given him a lot more trouble that he
would want to finish off before you that you are
insignificant and you are a Random raed
has literally threatened him personally
or whatever Where are the photos Here look at
this Dallas this this is literally
Dallas on WhatsApp he says I swear I
have you right now and I'll [ __ ] kill you and
then the other one says but what are you going to
do if it's a guy from Met 70 that you
hit him with a dick you'll knock him out he doesn't know
that he has a micropenis but another person
hits him a little bit makes him knock him out and literally
says you have no way to manipulate me
bro I don't know what he says you don't need a
body to stab
or shoot yourself twice dude You're crazy dude You're a
[ __ ] psychopath psychopath is what
this guy is okay And then the other one who
is also like a [ __ ]  watering can that
seems extremely crazy to me is that
Javi Oliveira the Dallas dog who
comes to defend anything that this
[ __ ] is saying, I mean this
[ __ ] crazy guy is saying nonsense, he
called my partner a zoophilic, for
which by the way,
legal action has already been taken okay and the [ __ ] Javi
comes out and says Oh well yeah well that
's surely true and Delo has paid
Kenzo why are you going to eat his balls
Javi By the way delox Remember when
you posted about the house where
Dallas was renting Look, I'm going to
remind you of something that
you and your friends were saying on
Twitter, he attacks AAS in my opinion, not
only that, but they
could also go after him physically, I
mean like you Imagine that if you
steal 000 from an Argentine murderer with a crazy head,
maybe he'll go to Spain
to look for you and find you, no, and I've
said it in some thread, in fact, in your
own threads I've commented on it in some
responses, some that have to some
pambisita apartment, I've told him  but let's
see, in Spain they can come and
beat him up whoever finds him
on the street who has robbed him, but no matter what they
do, they're not going to beat him up, they're going
to shoot him.
Of course, we're not threatening anyone in case
someone is recording
this, there are crazy people and we
really worry that
things can happen, man, the thing is that when there's
money involved, people get
very nervous. But on the other hand,
consider that the majority of
Dallas' audience is Latin American. And if d has
hurt one of those, it's most likely that it
's very difficult that
a Spaniard has also done it to him.
Knowing everything he's through, it can
happen, but the percentage has to be
very low for one of
those to be so crazy as to go and blow it up, what
can happen? Yes, but it will be one or two,
the biggest problem is t, but the problem
is that it's the number of people, yes, the
possibility, the percentage that it can
happen is small, but since there are so many
people, there may be many
more people who want to do it. No, I'm not saying
that the percentage, I'm saying that the O is. It may
be the percentage anyway.  that the
majority of your audience is
Latin American And if you have done
harm to someone, it will be Latin American Yes,
but look at something else I'm going to tell you in
contrast to that, you can
hire whatever you want from the Deep Web, okay,
wherever you want. It's simply
correct, you simply need
someone with money and desire to do it, that's
it, but well, from his friendship
with RAE they started to say two things,
one about this thing about the hitmen
that we will descend and two that I am a
flirt and that they finally know the
agreement that I have with Dallas by
which I am obliged to defend him from everything
are you 100% sure that you want to
hear this 100% sec that he dedicates himself to
saying about you in private, yes, I've told you a
thousand times in an review, look in anor
review it says about you that you
are constantly contacting girls on Instagram
that you are no saint and that you
spend your time Well, being a flirt trying to
meet girls on Instagram
shows it, the evidence of that right now
the evidence is my testimony, my
testimony, [ __ ]
menio, okay, okay, okay, let's imagine
that's true, how do I know it  but so
people believe me or not how do I know
ask you because you were the one who
told me damn man but what he
said about today and what Ricky said
came from you I'll give you what I got from
YouTube talking about you about the owner and you
come to my team quickly Javier
come to my side quickly come on and I don't have to
extort you with [ __ ] that I know
about your private life and your intimacy for you to make
videos in my favor we talk Javi
we talk because I already know what deal you have with
Dallas they already told me if you knew
look the same thing the same thing that happens to
Dallas with lizy Dallas let's see if you tell
Li to authorize us to play the audio let's
see if you authorize us so that people know
what liity really thinks about you
Dallas and let's see Javi if you want whenever
you want I'll tell you what Dallas is saying
behind your back
that he's leaving act about the deal he has
why are you defending him I already
know I already know what it
is maybe your wife isn't interested do
you think we take this to the next
level let's go to the next  level eh let's
get cocky now everyone is not interested
right it's not interested very well but why do you
put on that face like something interesting man
my goodness Why do you get so into the
role people at the time didn't fall
but me because the night before was just
when I caught the
discord conversation in which I realized that delos
and r had been meeting then
Immediately I realized that these two
stupidities evidently came from r r at
first he denies it to me
in that house you saw these threats how
good This hitman is hiring a
hitman no for why and how am I going to see
the hitmen and I'm going to see things in that
house it has to do with what you think it is that
I was there was
Pablo Escobar and chili
El Topo And that is what it is that is what they
are telling Let's see you have a
conversation that delox told that
delox told that I have not told anything yes
but let's see that delo told after
having a conversation with you on
discord And as a conclusion you draw that
I was the one who told delox right
let's see  but then he has no choice
but to end up getting caught deny it don't
give me God
deny it deny it deny that you and Fernando were
hiring cic
deny it idiot deny it
And now I ask what kind of
audience could believe something like that but
ever since I hit it big on the internet
the girl is chasing me screaming crying kissing me they take each other out they get
along with me this has
gone out of hand the secret of my success
geek Geek Geek geek
[Laughter]
[Applause]
nothing we're still a coward
answer we don't continue we're still the
same no Javi Well
nothing is what it is in the end what there
is you
are a
completely sold out person you have no
opinion whatsoever you are
sick because anyone who defends
a person who is sick is another
sick person okay And you do sick things
like insulting people it's crazy or
threatening okay with hitting them
therefore it is it's sick
Therefore I consider that
you are a crazy person who is not
and I consider
that you are a coward because you have no
balls to answer
private messages nor the education nor the decency
nor the balls to answer
private messages and that is  a disgrace
Francisco Javier it is a disgrace it is
clear to you no evidently regarding
mine I am going to give you few explanations it
is a nonsense nonsense level my
Instagram account is managed by Lorena
that invented that Dallas there on
vacation told her that I am no
saint that I start to go on
Instagram a very important fact of mine is
that I have my Instagram session
started on my phone and
Lorena also has it started on her phone and on
mine there is also hers mine look you
see I do it like this is Lorena's and I
do it like this is mine why because
many times she takes my phone and goes
to take a photo and starts taking a photo
with my phone and then uploads it from my
phone because she likes my phone more than hers
then also many times she
manages my Instagram account and
she starts uploading photos she have not
seen many times the texts
when she uploads the photos she does the editions
she does it or rather she has the
Instagram account she has it started on
her phone you see Look she has her
Instagram there and it is
like this and mine is ha  made clear and
[ __ ] level even if it were true I
guarantee you that it would be the last thing I
would be afraid of that Dala had about me, I
mean I'm supposed to be kidnapped
by Dallas words of ra because he could
say about me that [ __ ] [ __ ] that they've
told me 100 times already, I mean as you
can understand I would give a damn about
the [ __ ] balls and if I had to
say something that when I don't think the same as
him I say it well it wouldn't be out of fear of
that obviously obviously I think it goes without
saying that everything that has come out
of RAE both that and the thing about the hitmen
is a lie And the Source has that
validity hitman with Fernando challenges to
go play to delox and that you gave
delox's address to Fernando tell me if I
have access to hitmen why aren't you
dead already because you don't have access
to hitmen because you two can't you
just
confirmed it you just said it yourself son
of a [ __ ] what a
[ __ ] and
zero how did you just contradict yourself
All by yourself then how was it if I have access
no  I have access even though ra has been
completely called a liar and a
fabricator don't think that all those who
gave any attention to this and gave it
credibility have come out and said damn we were
wrong We shouldn't have
believed this [ __ ] nonsense but they acted
like nothing happened and didn't come out and
say it was a lie but it's just a
moment I have to stop here for a
second okay We're here now
guys I had to stop for a
moment to buy some joints joke joke
joke
[Music]
okay It has to be around here now
[Laughter]
grid time
no Ah there cheers Say hello I
remember we
've met we've met in the
same place we met when we were kids
eh 20 years ago No for 20 years and for
30 Even if you don't want to
admit it well 30 right not at school
This one yes but but 30 no
25 2 that we met there yes because of course
we already when when we started
with the drinking parties And that's where we met in
the church in front of the pharmacy
Tell me super busy dude in  true that V
set up a daycare for the dog, let's go, it
's more of a playroom because it's more for
hourly issues, you know, for vouchers. Yes, yes,
yes, also on weekends and
all that. Ah, as the clo playroom said,
of course, because it also has a service
that you can leave it by the hour. Ah, okay,
okay, the good stuff, just like a child's playroom,
really. Now let's see it so
you can see it, what, let's eat over there. It
was raining and suddenly, when we
were supposed to, the video came out, it came
out for us. Here we are
putting someone down. Here I am putting someone down. I'm
not putting them down
because they put me down before they
praise me like this or not. Listen to me, I was
thinking, I say, if we were recording
these things
from our time, eh? Oh, remember,
remember, well, you know what, funar
funar yes. Right now I'm getting a funa, it's
like canceled, they cancel Ah, okay,
Okay, yeah, perfect. Yes, yes, because of that issue. Yes,
if this had existed in
our time, how many months do you think
I would have lasted, even if they had
funned me for approximately a few days, I wouldn't be
completely funa.  I was telling you about the
Javi thing, crashing into the Javi thing, let's
see The Movida It's that I with another
guy whose
name was, it was a guy that I hung out with a
lot and I said to myself, well, he's met up with two
girls, let's meet up with two girls, I don't
know what, and he called me no and so,
two girls, we met up, we met up, the cute
girl and two cute girls of course and
he, he was hooking up with one and I
hooked up with the other one, no And then one
of the days that we were meeting up with
the two girls Well, it turns out that I
meet the segra what were
you doing, do you mean it or already? Of course it's
funny but we could have images
of that, images could be had, I would have to
look for them here, I don't have them, I would have to
look for them. But anyway, let's put it up for
people, describe it, describe it, describe it, I'm
not going to go into detail, yes, it goes into
but not into specific details. Well,
of course, you know. But well, here where you
see me, it was a completely
different person and I don't
know. Well, it's not just YouTuber stuff, it
was  another person because I was wearing other
clothes with a different way such and Well of
course I think you saw me like in
Braga and with two
wings Of course I was wearing other clothes
and such naked I was going from was we all
went to the club this night and it was
a street parade there B exactly
what I was going to expect the least is to see you of course let's
see of course I was also another
person because I was kind of I was
like straight out of the seven vgen axim movie
Yeah more or less yeah And then we were
both sitting in the plaza osano me
with the other one with the two girls and
segra appears the worst thing is that I don't
remember if the other one was jokingly saying
Look at segra segra because he saw like that
with the feathers says segra segra no it
was the real segra And then he
arrives and it turns out that segra goes and greets
the girls of course I knew them
before right because we went out in the
same place and everything and the whole thing
coincidence in Seville people know each other
Of course imagine in that specific environment and
you took it and nothing followed  your way I
continued to meet the girl well
not that much but maybe
two or three times to go out to the movies I don't
know what we hooked up at that time
very physical clo it was another in it was another time
But well I had your dates but there I would
give you kisses I mean trust you there for
you to sleep with someone those times
were another thing another thing it was another they were You
had to be older really exactly
And look we are there a boy I was
younger I remember that I was younger of course
when I started working nights I
was younger I was 17 16 17 Of course but
maybe we were 17 around there I remember
that I didn't have the car yet but
we went around with the motorcycles So he is very
young either Of course yes I know the 17 to 19 that
transition that was me 17 to 19 around there
crazy time It's that they were crazier than
ever you are that you were very crazy
okay Anyway the days go by and by
chance in life I find myself in the
Serran Suportar one day and I don't know how
the subject came up no that  we said well how do
you know the girl like this
we're meeting up with a girl how do you
know her And then the girl says to me Let's
see you don't know that what what girl
says that her name is Jai her name is like
yours So the girl you're
dating is called like yours of course I mean what's her
name like Yeah right
completely a girl eh That's
true eh Well back then less
than now at least less than now now she's
a cousin c in conditions that we're not
going to say of course Who is it but
why famous famous famous
coincidence of life I found out the
other day because being told me at the
time I wanted to kill her eh I mean
now for example it wouldn't have mattered to me I
probably would have laughed well let's see
now I laugh in fact not at the anecdote
at the time super chav we're
talking maybe about what year the
mentality even my mentality before
was also more like that we're talking
maybe about 2000 2 little eh put it
2003  2004 something like that I mean we're
talking about a mentality that I
wanted to kill him H Of course dude of course of course
normal you the poor thing the poor thing I think I never
spoke to her again I think
at the time that I don't know how she
knew that I knew I don't know if maybe I
sent her a message your [ __ ] mother I don't know what
or something message How at that time we didn't
have messages yes SMS no and phone booths damn
Ah the SMS right Of course of course of course Yes yes yes
text messages I
remember that I talked to her through the
phone booth But it was you her
name was she was a myth It was a total myth but
well let's see let's see the truth is that you
see her now and wow what a hottie what a hottie
no Paco hottie tremendous tremendous at the
time she was a girl you saw her and she
wasn't yes one of those girls who were well
nothing be it her transit all the
stories these you know moment Yes yes yes of
course it happens that she was a girl eh she was
a girl completely completely she would
n't be opera as much as today Of course of
course now that other technologies other
things other you know and I didn't realize  account eh no
Neither you nor anyone eh realized I
remember at that time let's say that I
introduced her to my friends that it's like it ca
n't be well we are arriving est is
around here in an industrial estate
that there is in pino Montano that calls the
towers no new tournament yes new tournament
exactly Torre which is like
modern to the bl space storage rooms are
also known around here we will be
putting the Instagram the address and
all the roll so that you can find it
okay And now we are going to verber it is
good that it is recommended in these places
in case you want to leave your dog No
man also the good thing is that how cool is that
everything is outside and they are not
daycares they are complete stays
which have to be obligatory 24
hours minimum here we provide the service at
least which is hours days you know Yes
normally I am always paying the
full day for d almost everyone
puts it full here the advantage that you have that they
want to shop that they want to go
to whatever you understand you can leave
Claro clear clear apart from service that
weekend of whatever you want there will
be bonuses it is always good that  they
recommend you a place no because many
times you're looking for maybe
someone to leave it with Well it's always something
when it's not a wedding or Oh a
weekend that you have to go out or
whatever and then know a place that is
trustworthy
exactly here churra look This is going to
be the entrance be the recession and so on
and well there's your sister Yes yes yes she's
waiting for her your sister is going to come out Of course yes to come
out but this is like the
entrance but of course that would be the entrance
my sister you remember it from her Hello
Of course What's up What's up son okay
Roberto daughter this is the little entrance of
course this is nothing this is the little entrance
of the place and it's inside damn it's
a very big place eh divine What's up
daughter What's up Well nothing here we came to
see what You're going to do
at least the sun is out dude
But look eh the cute daycare
listen to me How nice you like Yes nice
This will be as you know the area for all
the dogs and so on here we still need a
counter to put How nice
when am I going to open it November 1st
Oh yeah Of course nothing November 1st  we are
resting Look cho here are T
Disney there resting you know [ __ ] what eh it
's a motel eh unitito Of course Look with
its sofa you're missing the screen I'm going to put on a
movie and I'm going to put on some music
music therapy so you're calm these
recreation area
also that this detail has to
see
Look I can't believe it
But you did this no before it was
a child care Ah
[ __ ] if I get the dogs to
pee there we go but it would be it would be and
load but drink Yeah how funny Of course it
was a child care of course Have a
good time We have painted and everything eh you
were in rough everything yeah Ah I say the
same thing it was like this painting no no
Oy we fit a lot here eh
go it's fine but another patio now
eh How big How cool the place is
perfect for
that
[Music]
of course to have
recess everything but crazy Estela Noela
is divine ch perfect until garage no well
the garage is bl Face that
my brother also You have the right
here too of course the patio of the
loso a little regulated pee now it is
but  come on it's more comfortable than the fal little thing
the last detail will have a schedule
to take it out for a while not a little while of
salt in the mornings and for the afternoons of
course from recess to recess all together
because down there we're going to be leaving
the address and the phone number and everything
Exactly so that the lordships leave
their
little dogs here haggled that we've been going at it
well family well
now we have a place to leave delox if the
time comes to delox or any of
them and man no kidding let's see if this is
the last [ __ ] video that I have to
make of you okay the truth is that I would
love to not have to know anything
about you ever again it has been a complete
disappointment I swear Really because I
got to take you at a price but for a
pet I pet you man you are such a
pet that now you start getting along
with r you are such a pet that you start
celebrating that miare is winning all
the trials according to you justice
always comes not like we saw now that
in the case of miare against Javi oliveira
against Dallas and against company Well he
was already winning the trials  miare no And
even if it were, well 6 years later he
would end up winning justice is slow
but it comes no what trial man what trial man
insult trials civil trials
for insults he just lost a
penalty because he had taken the dog from
Dallas you are such a pet that you are not
capable of criticizing the same as criticisms
of Dallas from Willy Rex and the thing is that you are such a
pet man that you even start saying that
Ricky pe in the debates man that if the
guy has invented things about nimu that if
the guy has now messed with Ricky
that if Ricky has given him a
historic chin that if Ricky has given another chin
to Dallas's dog AK
Javi oliveira I mean Ricky papped
the debates I mean literally you have to
have a [ __ ] script to sign
something like that and nothing family here we
leave today's video I hope you
liked it excuse me that it was
a little different it was on the street
I imagine that you like it more when
we make the videos in it with our
Setup But hey it's not bad that
the sun shines on us  a little bit and that's even though we
started the video raining eh with
rain but oh well Look Now it seems
that the sun has come out and we can take
Delos for a walk a kiss family and until
next time bye
[Music]